README.md, before:

<div align="center">
 
# car axle client
### The **MOST POPULAR** bookmarklet menu. Proxies, games, and exploits in a clean ui. (by @penguinify)
 
 <img src="docs/caraxle.png" alt="drawing" width="500"/><br>
<a href="https://car-axle-client.github.io">Install the latest version</a>
<hr>
<p align="center">
  <a href="#features">Features</a>
  -
  <a href="#screenshots">Screenshots</a>
  -
  <a href="https://car-axle-client.github.io">Install</a>
  -
  <a href="https://github.com/car-axle-client/car-axle-client?tab=GPL-3.0-1-ov-file">License</a>
  -
  <a href="https://github.com/car-axle-client/car-axle-client/graphs/contributors">Contributions</a>
  -
   <a href="#contributing">Contributer Guide</a>
  -
  <a href="#support">Support</a>
</p>
<hr>

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/certified-trash-734422?style=plastic) ![Dynamic Badge](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/car-axle-client/car-axle-client) ![Dynamic Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/car-axle-client/car-axle-client/webpack.yml?style=plastic) ![GitHub last commit (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/car-axle-client/car-axle-client/main?style=plastic)

</div>

## Features

-   Exploits and history flooder
-   Small, fun things bookmarklets
-   Large 300+ game library
-   JS Console
-   Mini Browser
-   Youtube Embeder
-   Scripts that improve your quality of life

## Discord

[Join the discord!](https://discord.gg/nac46r6Qn7)  
 [![support][support-image]][support-invite]

## Installation

[![website][install-img]][install-web]

## Screenshots

v7 example
![App Screenshot](docs/dark.png)

## Hosting the games yourself

go here: https://github.com/car-axle-client/gme-hosting-v2

# people with write access

-   [@penguinify](https://github.com/Penguinify) main developer
-   [@disnos9](https://github.com/disnos9) side developer

# Contributing

Development Setup

1. Install Packages

```
pnpm install
```

2. Start hot reload Development Server

```
pnpm dev
```

3. Output a release file

```
pnpm build
```

Contributing is made to be as easy as possible.  
Check out the wiki for a guide on how the code works!

Just fork and submit a pr and I will likely add it with some minor changes.

Things you can contribute:

-   Fixing UI bugs (you can ask me for help if needed)
-   adding small features
-   refractoring

You could also look at github issues

## Support

For support, contact me on discord @penguinify or through github issues

[support-invite]: https://discord.gg/QnxQUdEAUM
[support-image]: https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/QnxQUdEAUM
[install-img]: docs/installbutton.png
[install-web]: https://car-axle-client.github.io

Commit message:

Add notice for ChromeOS users above v115/v116
The chromos v115/v116 blocks all javascript: urls

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
 
# car axle client
### The **MOST POPULAR** bookmarklet menu. Proxies, games, and exploits in a clean ui. (by @penguinify)
 
 <img src="docs/caraxle.png" alt="drawing" width="500"/><br>
<a href="https://car-axle-client.github.io">Install the latest version</a>
<hr>
<p align="center">
  <a href="#features">Features</a>
  -
  <a href="#screenshots">Screenshots</a>
  -
  <a href="https://car-axle-client.github.io">Install</a>
  -
  <a href="https://github.com/car-axle-client/car-axle-client?tab=GPL-3.0-1-ov-file">License</a>
  -
  <a href="https://github.com/car-axle-client/car-axle-client/graphs/contributors">Contributions</a>
  -
   <a href="#contributing">Contributer Guide</a>
  -
  <a href="#support">Support</a>
</p>
<hr>

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/certified-trash-734422?style=plastic) ![Dynamic Badge](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/car-axle-client/car-axle-client) ![Dynamic Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/car-axle-client/car-axle-client/webpack.yml?style=plastic) ![GitHub last commit (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/car-axle-client/car-axle-client/main?style=plastic)

</div>

## NOTICE

A recent update to ChromeOS (v115/v116) released in August 2023 has blocked all javascript: and javascript:// bookmarklets. If you use a managed Chromebook and **Devtools are turned off** (that means Inspect element, etc.) (they must be turned off or bookmarklets still work) then the Car Axle Client Bookmarklet won't work.

## Features

-   Exploits and history flooder
-   Small, fun things bookmarklets
-   Large 300+ game library
-   JS Console
-   Mini Browser
-   Youtube Embeder
-   Scripts that improve your quality of life

## Discord

[Join the discord!](https://discord.gg/nac46r6Qn7)  
 [![support][support-image]][support-invite]

## Installation

[![website][install-img]][install-web]

## Screenshots

v7 example
![App Screenshot](docs/dark.png)

## Hosting the games yourself

go here: https://github.com/car-axle-client/gme-hosting-v2

# people with write access

-   [@penguinify](https://github.com/Penguinify) main developer
-   [@disnos9](https://github.com/disnos9) side developer

# Contributing

Development Setup

1. Install Packages

```
pnpm install
```

2. Start hot reload Development Server

```
pnpm dev
```

3. Output a release file

```
pnpm build
```

Contributing is made to be as easy as possible.  
Check out the wiki for a guide on how the code works!

Just fork and submit a pr and I will likely add it with some minor changes.

Things you can contribute:

-   Fixing UI bugs (you can ask me for help if needed)
-   adding small features
-   refractoring

You could also look at github issues

## Support

For support, contact me on discord @penguinify or through github issues

[support-invite]: https://discord.gg/QnxQUdEAUM
[support-image]: https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/QnxQUdEAUM
[install-img]: docs/installbutton.png
[install-web]: https://car-axle-client.github.io
